feat(nuget): allow enabling Windows targeting for NuGet restore commands (#38374)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/nuget/readme.md

  "postUpdateOptions": ["dotnetWorkloadRestore"]
}
```

### Windows targeting

In case you need to allow Windows targeting during package restore, e.g. adding the `-p:EnableWindowsTargeting=true` CLI argument to the

> restore command you can enable this behavior by adding `dotnetEnableWindowsTargeting` to the `postUpdateOptions` in your Renovate configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes package restore needs Windows targeting enabled.  
Normally, you do this by adding `-p:EnableWindowsTargeting=true` to the `dotnet restore` command.  
In Renovate, the same effect is achieved by adding `dotnetEnableWindowsTargeting` to `postUpdateOptions`.

```
